1387528338
ApplicationController	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
List	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/models/list.rb	class List 
ListsController	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/lists_controller.rb	class ListsController 
ListsHelper	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/helpers/lists_helper.rb	module ListsHelper
Project	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/models/project.rb	class Project 
ProjectsController	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	class ProjectsController 
ProjectsHelper	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/helpers/projects_helper.rb	module ProjectsHelper
Task	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/models/task.rb	class Task 
TasksController	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb	class TasksController 
TasksHelper	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/helpers/tasks_helper.rb	module TasksHelper
WelcomeController	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/welcome_controller.rb	class WelcomeController 
WelcomeHelper	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/helpers/welcome_helper.rb	module WelcomeHelper
create	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb		def create
create	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb		def create
create	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/lists_controller.rb		def create
destroy	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb		def destroy 
index	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb		def index
index	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/welcome_controller.rb	  def index
new	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb		def new 
project_params	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb		def project_params
show	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb		def show
