1390325145
Ability	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/models/ability.rb	class Ability
AddAttachments	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140107080662_add_attachments.mailboxer_engine.rb	class AddAttachments 
AddDescriptionToTasks	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140109121953_add_description_to_tasks.rb	class AddDescriptionToTasks 
AddFirstnameToUsers	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20131227154237_add_firstname_to_users.rb	class AddFirstnameToUsers 
AddGlobalNotificationSupport	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140107080664_add_global_notification_support.mailboxer_engine.rb	class AddGlobalNotificationSupport 
AddLastnameToUsers	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20131227154328_add_lastname_to_users.rb	class AddLastnameToUsers 
AddNotificationCode	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140107080661_add_notification_code.mailboxer_engine.rb	class AddNotificationCode 
AddNotifiedObject	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140107080660_add_notified_object.mailboxer_engine.rb	class AddNotifiedObject 
AddRoleToProjectUser	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140115132724_add_role_to_project_user.rb	class AddRoleToProjectUser 
AddTitelToTasks	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140107064543_add_titel_to_tasks.rb	class AddTitelToTasks 
Application	/media/sf_Share/Komana/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
ConversationControllerTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/controllers/conversation_controller_test.rb	class ConversationControllerTest 
ConversationHelperTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/helpers/conversation_helper_test.rb	class ConversationHelperTest 
ConversationsController	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/conversations_controller.rb	class ConversationsController 
ConversationsControllerTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/controllers/conversations_controller_test.rb	class ConversationsControllerTest 
ConversationsHelper	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/helpers/conversations_helper.rb	module ConversationsHelper
ConversationsHelperTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/helpers/conversations_helper_test.rb	class ConversationsHelperTest 
CreateLists	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20131218151103_create_lists.rb	class CreateLists 
CreateMailboxer	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140107080659_create_mailboxer.mailboxer_engine.rb	class CreateMailboxer 
CreateProjects	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20131218150831_create_projects.rb	class CreateProjects 
CreateProjectsUsers	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140110093010_create_projects_users.rb	class CreateProjectsUsers 
CreateTasks	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20131218151614_create_tasks.rb	class CreateTasks 
CreateTasksUsers	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140116122104_create_tasks_users.rb	class CreateTasksUsers 
CreateUserProjects	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140110084744_create_user_projects.rb	class CreateUserProjects 
CreateUsersProjects	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140110092705_create_users_projects.rb	class CreateUsersProjects 
DeviseCreateUsers	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20131220083306_devise_create_users.rb	class DeviseCreateUsers 
DeviseHelper	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/helpers/devise_helper.rb	module DeviseHelper
DropUserProjects	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140110092636_drop_user_projects.rb	class DropUserProjects 
DropUsersProjects	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140110092935_drop_users_projects.rb	class DropUsersProjects 
Komana	/media/sf_Share/Komana/config/application.rb	module Komana
List	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/models/list.rb	class List 
List	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/models/list.rb	class List 
ListTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/models/list_test.rb	class ListTest 
Lists	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140114200148_lists.rb	class Lists 
ListsController	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/lists_controller.rb	class ListsController 
ListsControllerTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/controllers/lists_controller_test.rb	class ListsControllerTest 
ListsHelper	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/helpers/lists_helper.rb	module ListsHelper
ListsHelperTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/helpers/lists_helper_test.rb	class ListsHelperTest 
MessagesControllerTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/controllers/messages_controller_test.rb	class MessagesControllerTest 
MessagesHelperTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/helpers/messages_helper_test.rb	class MessagesHelperTest 
PortfoliosController	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/portfolios_controller.rb	class PortfoliosController 
PortfoliosControllerTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/controllers/portfolios_controller_test.rb	class PortfoliosControllerTest 
PortfoliosHelper	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/helpers/portfolios_helper.rb	module PortfoliosHelper
PortfoliosHelperTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/helpers/portfolios_helper_test.rb	class PortfoliosHelperTest 
Project	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/models/project.rb	class Project 
Project	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/models/project.rb	class Project 
ProjectTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/models/project_test.rb	class ProjectTest 
ProjectsController	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	class ProjectsController 
ProjectsControllerTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/controllers/projects_controller_test.rb	class ProjectsControllerTest 
ProjectsHelper	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/helpers/projects_helper.rb	module ProjectsHelper
ProjectsHelperTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/helpers/projects_helper_test.rb	class ProjectsHelperTest 
ProjectsUsers	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/models/projects_users.rb	class ProjectsUsers 
ProjectsUsersTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/models/projects_users_test.rb	class ProjectsUsersTest 
RenameReceiptsRead	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140107080663_rename_receipts_read.mailboxer_engine.rb	class RenameReceiptsRead 
Task	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/models/task.rb	class Task 
Task	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/models/task.rb	class Task 
TaskTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/models/task_test.rb	class TaskTest 
Tasks	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140115071101_tasks.rb	class Tasks 
TasksController	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb	class TasksController 
TasksControllerTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/controllers/tasks_controller_test.rb	class TasksControllerTest 
TasksHelper	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/helpers/tasks_helper.rb	module TasksHelper
TasksHelperTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/helpers/tasks_helper_test.rb	class TasksHelperTest 
TasksUsers	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/models/tasks_users.rb	class TasksUsers 
TasksUsersTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/models/tasks_users_test.rb	class TasksUsersTest 
TestCase	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/models/user.rb	class User 
User	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserProjects	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/models/user_projects.rb	class UserProjects 
UserProjectsTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/models/user_projects_test.rb	class UserProjectsTest 
UserTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/models/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
UsersProjects	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/models/users_projects.rb	class UsersProjects 
UsersProjectsTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/models/users_projects_test.rb	class UsersProjectsTest 
WelcomeController	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/welcome_controller.rb	class WelcomeController 
WelcomeControllerTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/controllers/welcome_controller_test.rb	class WelcomeControllerTest 
WelcomeHelper	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/helpers/welcome_helper.rb	module WelcomeHelper
WelcomeHelperTest	/media/sf_Share/Komana/test/helpers/welcome_helper_test.rb	class WelcomeHelperTest 
addUserToProject	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/models/projects_users.rb		def self.addUserToProject(project_id, user_id, role)	
add_user	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb		def add_user
alert	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def alert
assignUserToTask	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/models/tasks_users.rb		def self.assignUserToTask(task_id, user_id)	
avatar_url	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def avatar_url(user, size)
change	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20131220083306_devise_create_users.rb	  def change
change	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20131218150831_create_projects.rb	  def change
change	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20131227154328_add_lastname_to_users.rb	  def change
change	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20131218151103_create_lists.rb	  def change
change	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20131218151614_create_tasks.rb	  def change
change	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20131227154237_add_firstname_to_users.rb	  def change
change	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140107080664_add_global_notification_support.mailboxer_engine.rb	  def change
change	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140109121953_add_description_to_tasks.rb	  def change
change	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140107064543_add_titel_to_tasks.rb	  def change
change	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140110092705_create_users_projects.rb	  def change
change	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140110092636_drop_user_projects.rb	  def change
change	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140110084744_create_user_projects.rb	  def change
change	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140110093010_create_projects_users.rb	  def change
change	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140110092935_drop_users_projects.rb	  def change
change	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140115071101_tasks.rb	  def change
change	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140114200148_lists.rb	  def change
change	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140116122104_create_tasks_users.rb	  def change
change	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140115132724_add_role_to_project_user.rb	  def change
check_auth	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb	  	def check_auth
configure_permitted_parameters	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def configure_permitted_parameters
contact	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/portfolios_controller.rb	  def contact
conversation	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/conversations_controller.rb	  def conversation
conversation_params	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/conversations_controller.rb	  def conversation_params(*keys)
create	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/lists_controller.rb		def create
create	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/conversations_controller.rb	  def create
create	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb		def create
create	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb		def create
create_temp_deleted_user	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def create_temp_deleted_user
destroy	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/lists_controller.rb		def destroy 
destroy	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb		def destroy 
destroy	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb	    def destroy 
down	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140107080660_add_notified_object.mailboxer_engine.rb	  def self.down
down	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140107080659_create_mailboxer.mailboxer_engine.rb	  def self.down
down	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140107080663_rename_receipts_read.mailboxer_engine.rb	  def down
down	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140107080661_add_notification_code.mailboxer_engine.rb	  def self.down
down	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140107080662_add_attachments.mailboxer_engine.rb	  def self.down
fetch_params	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/conversations_controller.rb	  def fetch_params(key, *subkeys)
index	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/welcome_controller.rb	  def index
index	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/portfolios_controller.rb	  def index
index	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/conversations_controller.rb	  def index
index	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb		def index
initialize	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/models/ability.rb	  def initialize(user)
mailbox	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/conversations_controller.rb	  def mailbox
mailboxer_email	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/models/user.rb	        def mailboxer_email(object)
message_params	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/conversations_controller.rb	  def message_params(*keys)
move_down	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/lists_controller.rb	  	def move_down
move_down	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb		def move_down
move_to_next_list	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb		def move_to_next_list
move_to_prev_list	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb		def move_to_prev_list	
move_up	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/lists_controller.rb		def move_up
move_up	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb	    def move_up
name	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/models/user.rb	        def name
new	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb		def new 
notice	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def notice
project_params	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb		def project_params
reply	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/conversations_controller.rb	  def reply
search	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb		def search	
show	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/portfolios_controller.rb	  def show
show	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/lists_controller.rb		def show	
show	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/projects_controller.rb		def show
task_params	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb		def task_params
trash	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/conversations_controller.rb	  def trash
untrash	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/conversations_controller.rb	  def untrash
up	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140107080660_add_notified_object.mailboxer_engine.rb	  def self.up
up	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140107080659_create_mailboxer.mailboxer_engine.rb	  def self.up 
up	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140107080663_rename_receipts_read.mailboxer_engine.rb	  def up
up	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140107080661_add_notification_code.mailboxer_engine.rb	  def self.up
up	/media/sf_Share/Komana/db/migrate/20140107080662_add_attachments.mailboxer_engine.rb	  def self.up
update	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/lists_controller.rb		def update
update	/media/sf_Share/Komana/app/controllers/tasks_controller.rb		def update
